Add Concurrency Sample (#33637)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/README.md

Typically, you can use [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/), [Azure Cosmos DB Resource Provider REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/cosmos-db-resource-provider), [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/azure-cli-reference-for-cosmos-db) or [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/manage-with-powershell) for the control plane unsupported limitations.

### Using The Async Client as a Workaround to Bulk

> Currently, bulk is not implemented in the Python SDK. You can use the [Concurrency Sample][concurrency_sample] as a reference for the workaround. 
> >[WARNING]
> > This sample will consume a lot of RUs. It is best to test on the emulator first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the SDK supports transactional batch, support for bulk requests is not yet implemented in the Python SDK. You can use the async client along with this [concurrency sample][concurrency_sample] we have developed as a reference for a possible workaround. 
>[WARNING]
> Using the asynchronous client for concurrent operations like shown in this sample will consume a lot of RUs very fast. We **highly recommend** testing this out against the cosmos emulator first to verify your code works well and to not incur charges.
```
